Hey there monster man.
Love this new feature you add it for us.
It makes our smart brain up so much better.
Anyway people are loving it.
Really appreciate your help as always.
Good job.
In this short extra bits section we learned about how to join a project how to start reading the code
setting up the project on your computer but also strategically figuring out the best way to get a customer
a used to the codebase.
Because most of the times we're not going to start from scratch.
We're not going to be the ones building the apps and know everything inside and out.
Most of the time we enter big large projects and we have to get at them running really fast and be comfortable
to start writing our own features.
And by being smart and understanding how things are connected once you have that higher level view then
you can start diving into the code individually.
So again start from the top.
Understand the big picture how things are connected.
Make sure everything works on your machine.
Then you start looking at the code one by one.
And in this section we also did something fun.
We managed to have our smart brain app detect multiple faces like this Spanish national soccer team
here let's just test it out one last time I have a picture of the France
and it even detects faces of Fretz.
So I'll see in the next one.